{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
towards an ecotopia\'a0
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 a biocentric interrogation of production & consumption in a post climate crisis malta\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Exploring an alternative urban condition in a post climate change future. This thesis investigates the possible consequences of sea level rise for urban populations in low-lying coastal regions of Malta. A vision of a biocentric and self-sustaining society is developed as a form of polemic against the current anthropocentric precondition to contain and control the environment. Established upon the principles of a circular economy, the proposal harnesses the newly established urban and environmental realities in an attempt to expose the role of architecture in redefining the relationship between production, consumption and community.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The thesis further stands a critique of the urban industrial realities depicted in many future scenarios.\'a0 Visions of dystopian cities, environmental devastation, moral heteronomy and entrenched social injustice have resulted in a distorted and misleading consensus of what our collective futures may look like. The alternate future presented here dismisses this pervasive concept and proposes that an awareness and intimate understanding of current environmental projections is paramount to constructing a resilient and adaptive society.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sliema here becomes the experiment. A holistic socio-economic system is created where the processes of production, consumption and community become intrinsically inter-woven into the inhabitants normative routines. In the context of the global climate crisis, a new ecotopian paradigm for architecture, urban space and civil society is established.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 "It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change."\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 - Charles Darwin\'a0}