{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project Title: Lura d-Dar - Revitalising a 20th Century Palazzo
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Student Name: Elena Bajada
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Year: B.Sc. Yr 3
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Stream: Conservation
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Description:
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 In the past, the Palazzo was the home of a family that was quite self-sufficient, using produce from the garden and their own livestock to live. Apart from this, the history of the Palazzo shows us that it always had a strong place in the community.\'a0Wanting to give the Palazzo back to the community, I chose a use that would retain this connection with \uc0\u294 a\u122 \u775 -\u90 \u775 ebbug. The element of self-sufficiency reminded me of my grandparents and how they used to live, something which I also want to keep alive. Apart from this, I wished to take advantage of the garden, which is quite rare to find nowadays.\'a0These three aspects are what led to the use of the Palazzo as a Dementia Daycare Centre.\'a0\
<br>
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 The urban structure of \uc0\u90 \u775 ebbu\u103 \u775  has changed from the time when the Palazzo was inhabited. Back then, the Palazzo was an urban focal point, however, as life became more dynamic and the community not so important, its role as a focal point declined. The contemporary intervention envisioned for the Palazzo finishes off the unfinished first floor on the left hand side, however, it also aims to restore the role of the building in the urban fabric of \u90 \u775 ebbu\u103 \u775 .
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 The design of the intervention is complementary to the historical context of the Palazzo with a clearly contemporary architectural response. The massing of the structure came from a desire to not overshadow the alley and to have a modest shape that still gives importance to the Palazzo, while clearly new. Wanting to take advantage of the fact that the extension faces North West, perforated CORTEN steel sheets were incorporated in the design, folded to maximise ventilation and natural lighting with the appropriate sun shading and give the facade depth. Apart from this, the perforations are sensitive to capture light subtly, shifting the image of the facade through different weather and time of day. The folded CORTEN steel sheets introduced on the facade cover the massing mentioned previously, giving the intervention a rectangular shape, thus fitting into the local context. The intervention looks as though the facade is being continued, yet not quite.\'a0\
<br>\
<br>
\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
\

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 The garden has been split\'a0in two areas,\'a0both of which make use of multi-sensory simulation, enhanced by the plants and trees selected, and culturally appropriate elements,\'a0by retaining\'a0existing elements and inserting new ones that the people frequenting this Palazzo can relate with.\'a0The first area, before the belvedere, is deemed as the \'91gardening\'92 area. In this bit, one finds raised planters, the niche - accompanied with a small outdoor prayer area, and some seating. Then, behind the belvedere there is the dementia garden. The chosen continuous path is extended using a CORTEN steel perforated structure so that the path is wide enough to fit two people. The reason for choosing this material, apart from the fact that it ties the garden with both the facade and annex interventions, was that the perforations still allow water to seep through, so the function of the passage remains. Where I could not or did not have the need to extend the path, I tried to relate the two by forming a vertical connection, continuing a railing throughout. Seating options are provided along the railing so that one can rest, look at people passing by or sit next to each other for a talk. This path should take the users through the garden and its different areas. Thus
\fs26 \cf2 , the\'a0approach for the design of the Palazzo, particularly the garden, goes a step further than aesthetics, focusing more on the holistic experience of the users.\'a0}