{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green24\blue25;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c12549\c12941;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Title: Multi-Storey Building\'a0\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 This multi-storey building incorporates twenty-four floors of office spaces along with a double height commercial space at ground floor level. It comprises a three-storey basement carpark designed as a two-way searching scheme. In this project, the core design had a pivotal role in space utilization while simultaneously being adequately sized to resist the lateral loads experienced along the length of the building.\
<br>\
<br>\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf4 \cb3 The structure of this building consists of a central rectangular core which is the main element that is providing the lateral stability to the building. The core is divided into four zones consisting of different wall thicknesses. This structural adjustment resulted in a larger rentable area being available while being more economical in terms of construction material usage. The internal columns are positioned in an 8m by 8m grid connected with pin-jointed beams. The moment generated by the wind loads is transferred to the central core. At the carpark level only, primary beams will be used along with precast prestressed concrete slabs in order to enhance the erection time. At the office levels, primary along with secondary beams will be used in order to reduce the composite flooring spans, enabling less thick composite flooring. Regarding the column section properties, at the carpark level circular composite columns were used in order to reduce the section size leaving more space to manoeuvre when parking. Further above, in the office spaces HD steel columns will be used. Intumescent coatings (REI 90) will be applied to all steel elements meaning, beams, columns and connections.}