{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Site: tespi space \
\
Material: stone\
\
Tara zikic \
\
B.Sc yr 2 sem 2 \
\
Today\'92s generation is a busy one, and few are the people that know how to meditate. For this reason, my aim in this project was to create a form of contemplative architecture. That feeling experienced when looking at an interesting structure, the feeling of awe, forgetting your current thoughts and clearing your mind for those few minutes. Thus creating an automatic means of meditation requiring no effort from it\'92s users; meditation through observation.\
\
The end result is a circular structure, having a difference in level of 1m. This is to include a climax point, in which a small viewpoint is found where users may sit. This change in level creates a sense of flow in the structure and is supported by the identical change in level of the surrounding landscaping, thus avoiding the need for any concrete stairs.\
\
The central cylinder is characterized by a series of mirror attachments which create a distorted image of the outside world we know so well. This feature instills imagination in the user and ties to the initial concept of \'91contemplation. This area takes full advantage of the light and its reflections, producing a continuously evolving experience as the day goes by.\
\
The use of stone was exploited and used in a flowing manner, in contrast to the rigid structures it is associated with. It is a contextual structure and does not have such a high visual impact to its surroundings.}