{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TITLE OF PROJECT:\'a0
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 FINDING THE CALM IN THE CHAOS\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Resetting the balance between the outer and inner self.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb1 \

\fs32 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 PARAGRAPH DESCRIPTION:
\f2\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 THE HEALING POWER OF THE SEA - \'93RE-MIND\'94
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 We live in an era where the people have been exposed to such a large number of external stimuli. The world dictates the pace, which unnecessarily we try to keep up with. This thesis poses the question, "How to find time and place for a moment of reflection, in this reality?". This project is located in Sliema; a representation of an over-stimulated environment. However, amidst its psychedelic world, today many visitors still seek a reconfiguration of one\'92s self mind by the coast as the sound of sea overtakes the nearby chaotic atmosphere. 
\f4\i Ghar id-Dud
\f2\i0  area with the 
\f4\i Chalet
\f2\i0  pier, in particular, enabled a strong connection between the coast and the sea while enjoying nostalgic and historical relevance, being a representation of a place where people could momentarily lose themselves.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb1 \
\

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb3 The project revolves around the concept of decontextualizing one\'92s self. The promenade area representing the 
\f4\i present 
\f2\i0 chaos and over-stimulation was regenerated as a place that draws the user knowingly towards a contemplative journey. The Chalet promontory is the intermediate transitory space between the two extremes; the rough urban environment and the pristine underwater silence. An ephemeral, ethereal folly structure, characterized by several layers of steel slats hovers over the existing \'93Chalet\'94 platform. The structure is either perceived as a massive building, or it dissolves partly or completely into the landscape. It provides a spatial experience based on the filtration of the user through an aware-raising experience, providing a 
\f5\i\b remind
\f2\i0\b0 er\cf4  \cf2 of who he is. On the subject of memory, the need was not to reconstruct the past but rather provide a physical reference to it, within the present context, through the use of artificial light. Complete decontextualization happens through the splendor of submergence. From the ephemeral structure and down an offshore path, the visitor is taken through the center of an underwater contemplation place. The calming blue hues of the deep, permit the users to abandon their worries on the surface. The near absence of sound allows the mind to relax and detach completely in a space of nature, body, and mind.}