{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Located in a quiet road at the edge of Mellieha, Split-Level House, a name derived from its own concept, aims to balance the clients\'92 desire for privacy and engagement with their surroundings.\'a0 Boasting magnificent views of northern Malta, it was natural that the clients wanted to maximise such an opportunity and coupled with the small footprint of the plot, the concept of the design was to establish such a spatial relationship with the surrounding environment whilst also creating a comfortable space in which they can inhabit.\cb1 \
<br>\
<br>\
\cb3 Towards the end of a series of low-rising houses, the limited 9x8m plot provided numerous challenges which called for the vertical arrangement of space, serving as the basis of the design. Initially dividing the space into four, horizontal planes were raised square by square in a simple helicoidal movement to establish the functional areas of the ground floor, defined by the steps separating them. This pattern is repeated vertically upwards, where adjustments had been made to accommodate for ceiling height of the floors below. A double height ceiling over the living area is a direct result of this split-level arrangement, but also diagonal visual access was created in numerous areas throughout the house, creating an open environment and facilitating communication between the members of the household.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 <br>\
<br>\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Within the main living space, a direct connection to the exterior is created through the implementation of a generously sized vertical window, allowing the view of the bay to be seen whilst the clients enjoy their casual hobby of cooking. As this opening is raised upwards, privacy at the street plane is created. Besides this, large apertures maximise the amount of natural sunlight penetrating the space, and this is also facilitated by the use of a skylight above the stairwell, in which the separation between the floating staircase allows light to pass through."}