{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Multi - Storey Design Project
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Description for my Project:\cb1 \
\cb3 "The proposed multi-storey building is to occupy a total gross area of 1600 m\'b2, including commercial and office spaces, each of which are seperated due various floors. In fact the office floors lie above the double height commercial floor, having in total 22 dedicated office floors. Furthermore a three basement level car park is provided in order to accommodate for parking spaces for the customers and offices' occupants.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Logistics and Management\cb1 \
\cb3 The most feasible design and construction approach was chosen in order to have an efficient and sustainable structure. In fact, since by nature fabrication works of steel requires time, throughout this fabrication phase, the construction of the underground floors can be initiated by using cast in situ concrete. Such approach will make the geo-technical design more flexible due to the fissured rock found on site. \cb1 \
\cb3 At ground floor level a steel structure is to be used as well as for the multi-storey building.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Efficiency and Sustainability \cb1 \
\cb3 This design due to the high elevation of the multi-storey building, temperature control, ventilation and cladding systems were of main issues. In fact, in order to reduce the carbon footprint, the ventilation equipment was placed at Level 11 in order to use natural ventilation for cooling of same \'a0equipment. \cb1 \
\cb3 Cladding for interior and exterior, spaces \'a0insulated boards were used. Furthermore, these boards offer fire protection, sound insulation and are moisture resistant. The steel columns are to be clad by these boards to achieve the required protection.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Safety\cb1 \
\cb3 Both during the design and construction stage, safety is always to be prioritized. Fire exists and assembly points are provided at every floor which may be used in case of fire or emergency. Also, fire rated doors are used and as mentioned previously, all cladding boards have sufficient fire resistance. An automatic or manual fire control system may be used. Also the steel structure and the composite roof system is spray coated with protective paint."}