{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green19\blue20;\red249\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9020\c9412\c10196;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Urban Green is a residence located in the heart of Marsascala. It was designed for a 42 year old client who lives alone with her dog. Having been diagnosed with Persistent Depressive Disorder, she wanted to move away from her prior residence to something larger and better suited to her needs. In her new residence, two important requirements were privacy as-well as an abundance of natural light as to prevent chances of S.A.D (Seasonal affective disorder). My client also specified that gardening calmed her and gave her a sense of purpose, and wished to have spaces in the house where she could practice this hobby. \cb1 \
<br>\
<br>\
\cb3 The final result was Urban Green, a private space in a densely populated neighbourhood. Given the unfavourable conditions, the living spaces of the structure overlooking the Marsascala promenade are recessed backwards from the facade of the building as to give a sense of privacy. In doing so, this provides the client with an outside area for gardening. The screen of the facade has been developed out of stacking hollow concrete rectangles, ensuring sufficient lighting yet still opposing the public from peering into the property. The proportions of the hollow bricks echo the strong vertical presence of the building. Moreover, the screen acts as a trellis, contributing to its gardening function. The screen is also present on a smaller scale on the opposite facade of the buildings, covering all three windows on the particular side of the building. Yet again, this provides another area where creepers can grow up the facade of the building. These screens create a strong connection to the natural environment despite the city setting where the site is located. \cb1 \
\cb3 The interior spaces have been created to be as open and airy as possible. Entrance to the residence is available from two points due to the double fronted nature of the site; \cb1 \
<br>\
<br>\
\cb3 When accessing from \'91Triq ix- Xatt\'92, one enters into the activity area, where my client can perform exercise and yoga. Going up a level, one is faced with the kitchen area, where the primary access to the house can be found, from \'91Triq Sant Anna\'92. The kitchen and dining area occupy a whole floor, with over half of the area being double-height due to the mezzanine above which houses the living area. The visual connection to the natural environment is very strong from both the kitchen and living areas due to the garden areas present on either side of the house. Above the living space, one can find the main bedroom of the household. Occupying a whole floor, this bedroom contains an office area, a walk in wardrobe, a sizeable ensuite and another external garden area. The bed is facing the screen so that my client is woken up in the morning by the diffused light which trickles through. It is important to note that no doors or partition walls are present as to create easy passageways through the house for my clients dogs. On top of the bedroom, one can find the washroom and a sizeable terrace for entertaining guests.}