{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green19\blue20;\red249\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9020\c9412\c10196;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sara Ann Borg - BSc Yr3 - Conservation - Zebbug Palace \cb1 \
\
\cb3 Project Name: \cb1 \
\
\cb3 Cancer Care Centre in Historic Palazzo \cb1 \
\
\cb3 Description: \cb1 \
\
\cb3 The intervention project on the Palazzo Madonna delle Grazie, located in Zebbug, consisted of the rehabilitation of the Palazzo along with the addition of a new area, proposed to be constructed masonry. and brass detailing The Palazzo\'92s proposed primary use is that of a community day centre for cancer patients and their families. The Palazzo will provide an emotional and psychological refuge rather than the provision of medical facilities. This primary use is based on that of Maggie\'92s Cancer Care Centres. These centres are situated around the United Kingdom, Hong Kong and Japan and are known for providing emotional assistance and counselling to cancer patients and their relatives. This use will allow people diagnosed with cancer and their relatives to have a space to discuss issues and struggles amongst each other and with trained counsellors if they wish to do so. However at the same time this community would not be segregated from society. This would be done through spaces allocated to public use, located to the main central area of the palazzo, including the garden. Activities such as exercise classes and gardening, through concepts discussed in horticulture and therapeutic gardens, aid the users in their mental well-being.}