{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Unveiling the Industrial
\f1\b0\fs26 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 by Daniel Xuereb
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 2nd year Masters - Thesis Project\'a0\'a0
\f1 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 The thesis project is set within the controversial ditch of Fort Ricasoli. Set up as an oil cleaning facility by the British, 6 towering water silos now contrast and contest the authority of the bastion walls they sit between. With the facility set to be relocated offshore, the study questions whether this industrial narrative, which has for 60 years become embedded into the space, is not itself a legitimate layer of history whose traces ought to be preserved. \'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 <br>\
<br>\uc0\u8232 \cb3 As the silos transform to accommodate a new public function, the intervention attempts to bring light into these industrial towers, drawing their metallic curtains to reveal the complexity of their underlying structure. Void of adding ornament, the intervention attempts to subtract... to unveil what already exists. The project\'92s title \'96 \'91Unveiling the Industrial\'92 - serves as a double entendre \'96 its underlying ethos serves as an attempt to unveil both the secrecy of these industrial structures as well as that of the industrial performances that occur behind their steel walls. \'a0\
\cb1 <br>
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 By inserting a public passage that climbs up through the silos and into the fortification, the intervention simultaneously curates a reading of these archetypes.
\fs29\fsmilli14667  
\fs26\fsmilli13333 Each silo is incrementally sliced open, subtracting portions of its metallic skin that allow natural light to sift into the large internal voids. In doing so, the passage provides a walkthrough that allows the public to read fragments of the structure as it unfolds along the way.
\fs29\fsmilli14667  Conscious of the scarcity of available resources, the subtracted metal is not discarded as waste, but rather forms a metallic palette that is to be sliced into strips and reassembled to form the contemporary structures. 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 The project activates the site\'92s potential to provide itself with its own raw material; allowing it to transform.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb1 <br>
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0Inside the silos, the ramped walkway opens up into a series of radial platforms \'96 allowing the public to intertwine above and below the industrial programs now taking place. Identifying the existing columns and roof truss as the primary structural elements \'96 the contemporary platforms are hung off of the top, freeing up the spaces below.
\fs29\fsmilli14667  
\fs26\fsmilli13333 The architecture is coded with the intention for these two demographics to interact, exposing the traversing public to the industrial performances that are unveiled along the way.\
\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awpcs8bMghs}