{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BRIEF:\'a0
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A City of Short Walks 
\f1\b0 - Co-housing for the elderly\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Site: Balzan\cb1 \
\cb3 Tara Zikic\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 B.Sc Yr 2 Sem 1\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 This project aims to create an environment in which the elderly can age in a healthy and happy manner. The building configuration indirectly promotes activity and communication, inspiring and activating the senses.\'a0The concept 'A City of Short Walks' is brought out through various aspects, namely, the main entrance, which\'a0evokes\'a0a 'street-like feel' leading straight to the courtyard. This allway is overlooked by several apartment\'a0windows and crossing bridges, linking one side to the other. Walking is further promoted by a series of bridges and walkways which must be used for one to access their apartment. These walkways are found under the loggias, overlooking the courtyard, making it a pleasant journey\'a0for users to reach their apartment.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The building configuration is such that each and every apartment receives\'a0an abundance of natural light (from the facade and from the courtyard) as well as good ventilation. The site is surrounded by old maltese houses, and thus the facade was designed in such a way to merge with its surroundings however, still possess unique and modern features.\'a0The aspect of co-housing is brought out through various areas found in the building; the chapel (which may also be accessed by the community through a separate entrance), the roof area, the courtyard, the indoor pool and the library/ lounge area.\'a0}