{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Social Centre\'a0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 The project strives to create a space for all in the heart of Hamrun by also improving the connectivity between two main areas of the town through the currently misused site of the old Hamrun train station. The introduction of movement through this site aims to create collision zones for users to experience chance encounters with other members of society regardless of their nationality or social class as they use the same paths and participate in the same activities. The site, which is currently private, is to be opened for public use and thus all barriers are to be removed through various interventions to seamlessly connect both sides of the site. The project itself mainly focuses on the large old warehouse building together with its immediate surroundings. Note that the concept being proposed can also be applied to other buildings within the same site. During the design process, the site was classified into 3 path types - most active, moderately active and less active, to organise this new space to be used by the public. This was done to dictate people flow through the site so that the collision zones could exist. The entire space itself will cater for commercial establishments forming the most active paths, whilst other more secluded spaces having less activity will act as more organised spaces hosting activities such as workshops, events and exhibitions. Additionally, the colour coded structures designed aim to create a visual hierarchy of paths and structures with for instance the most vibrant colour red signifying the most attractive structures housing the most active activities, in other words the commercial activities. Together with the other structures and other activities taking place within the site such as scouts this space becomes a well needed social centre for the users of Hamrun to integrate better within the society. }